Enable global rate limiting headers (#6984)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md

* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-window`: Configures a time window (i.e `1m`) that the limit is applied. Required.
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-key`: Configures a key for counting the samples. Defaults to `$remote_addr`. You can also combine multiple NGINX variables here, like `${remote_addr}-${http_x_api_client}` which would mean the limit will be applied to requests coming from the same API client (indicated by `X-API-Client` HTTP request header) with the same source IP address.
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-ignored-cidrs`: comma separated list of IPs and CIDRs to match client IP against. When there's a match request is not considered for rate limiting.
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-set-headers`: Set to `true` to enable the addition of global rate limiting headers. Default is `false`
  * x-rate-limit-limit: The maximum number of allowed requests in the time window;
  * x-rate-limit-remaining: The number of remaining requests in the current window;

>   * x-rate-limit-window: The number of seconds of the period window;

Reviewer: According to https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-polli-ratelimit-headers-00.html#rfc.section.1.3

> RateLimit-Limit: containing the requests quota in the time window;
> RateLimit-Remaining: containing the remaining requests quota in the current window;
> RateLimit-Reset: containing the time remaining in the current window, specified in seconds or as a timestamp;

can you be consistent with this? I see that you use `x-rate-limit` instead of `ratelimit` and use `window` instead of `reset`. In other words, based on the linked proposal here are what I would expect to see:

```
RateLimit-Limit
RateLimit-Remaining
RateLimit-Reset
```

Reviewer: I'd also link to https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-polli-ratelimit-headers-00.html in the docs

Author: Updated naming for rate-limiting headers

* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-window`: Configures a time window (i.e `1m`) that the limit is applied. Required.
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-key`: Configures a key for counting the samples. Defaults to `$remote_addr`. You can also combine multiple NGINX variables here, like `${remote_addr}-${http_x_api_client}` which would mean the limit will be applied to requests coming from the same API client (indicated by `X-API-Client` HTTP request header) with the same source IP address.
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-ignored-cidrs`: comma separated list of IPs and CIDRs to match client IP against. When there's a match request is not considered for rate limiting.
* `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/global-rate-limit-set-headers`: Set to `true` to enable the addition of global rate limiting headers. Default is `false`

>   * Ratelimit-Limit: The maximum number of allowed requests in the time window;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Ratelimit-Limit: Requests quota in the configured time window;
```

>   * Ratelimit-Remaining: The number of remaining requests in the current window;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Ratelimit-Remaining: Remaining requests quota in the current time window;
```

>   * Ratelimit-Reset: The number of seconds of the period window;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Ratelimit-Reset: The time remaining in the current window, specified in seconds;
```
